Release train updates (#581)
akka/akka-management: docs/release-train-issue-template.md

### Afterwards

> - [ ] Update version for [Lightbend Supported Modules](https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/reactive-platform/2.0/supported-modules/#other-akka-modules) in [private project](https://github.com/lightbend/lightbend-platform-docs/blob/master/docs/modules/getting-help/examples/build.sbt#L153)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Update version for [Lightbend Supported Modules](https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/lightbend-platform/introduction/getting-help/build-dependencies.html#_akka_management) in [private project](https://github.com/lightbend/lightbend-platform-docs/blob/master/docs/modules/getting-help/examples/build.sbt#L153)
```
